[Node.js] Style guide fixes for TDBX vale rules (#842)
mongodb/docs-node: source/issues-and-help.txt

We are happy to accept contributions to help improve the driver.
We will review user contributions to ensure they meet the standards of the codebase.

> Pull requests must pass the ``travis.ci`` checks and include documentation
> and tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests must pass the ``travis.ci`` checks, include documentation, and
include tests.
```

   MONGODB_URI="mongodb://localhost:27017" npm test

> Note that, depending on the type of topology that you are running (standalone, replicaset,
> and so on), different tests will be run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the tests run on your feature are different depending on the type of topology that you 
are running, such for a standalone instance or replica set.
```
